East Kootenay Amateur Radio Club

Held at VE7LOC shop.
11 members present.
Chair VE7LOC

**SICK OR INJURED AMATEURS:** None

**MINUTES:**

**MOTION:** *Adopt the minutes of the previous meeting as circulated.* Moved VE7CRX Seconded VE7ERG

**CORRESPONDENCE**: Bank Statements

**OLD BUSINESS ARISING FROM THE MINUTES**:
- The Golden Repeater which is now a standalone repeater, and will remain that way until an internet connection can be found to link it to Baker.
- A UHF repeater has been acquired to replace the MSR2000 on Baker mountain trunk and will be installed when the weather allows.
- The computer for radio communications at the Cranbrook EOC will be put on hold for now.
- The Science fair that we elected to not participate in this year was quite a bit smaller due to other organizations also not participating.

**TREASURER'S REPORT**: VE7NEK 2014-15 Year End Financial Statements were presented and approved
Cash On Hand $0000.00
Maximizer account $506.22
KSCU Term $5000.00
Shares $25.00
Tangerine Savings $1944.80
Total $7476.02

The club spent $1597.99 more than it took in this past year, $1456 of which was a new uhf repeater.

**MOTION**: *Accept the Treasurer's report as presented by VE7NEK, Seconded VE7RWD*

**NEW BUSINESS:**
- An inventory of club assets will be prepared
- Sunday morning net will continue with remaining controllers and more volunteers will be sought out.
- Randy VE7CRX will research the cost of purchasing a new VHF digital repeater system.
- The May social meeting will be canceled so the June picnic will be the next meeting.

**MOTION**: Adjourn. Moved VE7TED
