East Kootenay Amateur Radio Club

Held at the shop of VE7LOC.
10 Members present.
Chair: VE7LOC

**SICK OR INJURED AMATEURS:** None

**MINUTES**

**MOTION:** *Adopt the minutes of the previous meeting as circulated. Moved VE7KFR Seconded VE7CRX. Carried.*

**CORRESPONDENCE:** Invoice for Liability Insurance from RAC.

**BUSINESS ARISING FROM THE MINUTES:**
- Moved by VE7RWD and Seconded by VE7RXC that the invoice of $493.35 for Insurance be paid. Carried.
- Golden Repeater removal postponed until spring
- Moved by VE7ZYQ, seconded by by VE7KFR that VE7LOC prepare a list of surplus club items for sale and distribute the list to all club members including an invitation to submit bids prior to the February business meeting, Carried.
- Moved by VE7NEK, seconded by VE7CRX that an email survey be sent out to determine those members who wish to participate in each of the following events:
  1. Children's festival
  2. Emergency Training events (PEP)
  3. "Fondo Bicycle" event - communications along the routes
  4. Car rally races Invermere area - communications along routes
  Carried, VE7NEK will handle
- Sunday repeater net continuing with 5 controllers & VE7CRJ coordinating

**TREASURER'S REPORT:** VE7NEK Dec. Financial Statement
Cash on hand $00.00
Maximizer $1923.80
Shares $25.00
CU Term Deposit $5110.50
Total $7059.30

**MOTION:** *Accept the Treasurer's report as presented. Moved VE7NEK seconded VE7KFR. Carried.*

**NEW BUSINESS:**

**MOTION:** That the VE7ZYQ investigate and get contact information (email) for members who got their licenses recently but are not keeping their membership dues up to date. M: VE7ZYQ, S: VE7CRX, Carried.

**A discussion took place regarding events of interest to be undertaken during our social meetings every second month.**
Some ideas were member equipment sales, short courses on radio programming (Chinese Baefung radios), dinners or luncheons.

A discussion decided to continue putting any monies generated from the sale of equipment into the general account and any donations to charities come from there as required.

**MOTION**: Adjourn VE7ZYQ
