East Kootenay Amateur Radio Club

Held at the shop of VE7LOC.
8 Members present.
Chair: VE7LOC

**SICK OR INJURED AMATEURS:** None

**MINUTES**

**MOTION:** *Adopt the minutes of the previous meeting as circulated. Moved VE7ZYQ Seconded VE7KFR. Carried.*

**CORRESPONDENCE:** No correspondence

**BUSINESS ARISING FROM THE MINUTES:** VE7CRJ
- The new Kenwood trunk repeater was installed on Baker Mtn
- A reconditioned computer was purchased and installed in the PREOC
- The inventory of our assets is nearing completion.

**TREASURER'S REPORT:** VE7NEK Oct. Financial Statement
Cash on hand $00.00
Maximizer $2409.94
Shares $25.00
CU Term Deposit $5110.50
Total $7545.44

**MOTION:** *Accept the Treasurer's report as presented. Moved VE7NEK seconded VE7TED. Carried.*

**NEW BUSINESS:**

**MOTION:** That the EKARC only retain such equipment as needed for maintenance of repeaters and emergency equipment. M: VE7CRX, S: VE7ZYQ, Carried

**MOTION:** That Items for sale will be first offered to club members on a highest offer basis then to others. M: VE7TED, S: VE7CRX, Carried

**MOTION:** That the President and Secretary/Treasurer be authorized to conduct the sale of all club assets determined to be surplus. M: VE7CRX, S: VE7ZYQ, Carried

**MOTION:** That the EKARC only participate in such public service events where 3 or more club members agree in advance to participate. M: VE7CRX, S: VE7ZYQ, Carried

**MOTION:** That the EKARC continue to hold a June BBQ, Summer Picnic and investigate a dinner at a suitable time during the year. M: VE7CRX, S: VE7ZYQ, Carried

**MOTION:** That the EKARC continue running the Sunday morning net with Joe publishing the net control assignment list. M: VE7CRJ, S: VE7TED, Carried

**MOTION:** That the Treasurer be authorized to investigate Liability insurance through RAC and purchase it if deemed appropriate. M: VE7KFR, S: VE7ZYQ, Carried

- The summer picnic was held and very successful with 23 people attending.
- VE7CRJ and VE7CRX will do some maintenance work on Lytle Mtn repeater.

**MOTION**: Adjourn VE7TED
