# Meeting Minutes - October 2018

Held at the shop of VE7LOC. Chair: VE7LOC

**Present:** wn, nek, loc, mrp, kpb, rwd, aqe, csh

**SICK OR INJURED AMATEURS:** None

**AGENDA:** Adoption of agenda moved by VE7CSH, seconded VE7RWD. Carried

**MINUTES:** Motion - Adopt the minutes of the previous meeting as corrected. Moved VE7WN seconded VE7RWD. Carried.

**CORRESPONDENCE:** None

**TREASURER'S REPORT:** VE7NEK Oct. Financial Statement
- Cash on hand: $0.00
- Maximizer: $1,336.26
- Shares: $25.00
- CU Term Deposit: $5,067.50
- Total: $6,428.76

Motion: Accept the Treasurer's report as presented. Moved VE7NEK seconded VE7CSH. Carried.

**NEW BUSINESS:**

- VHF and UHF radios were donated to the club by a ham from Quesnel area but needed to be programmed and cabled. Motion by VE7NEK, seconded by VE7RWD that a certificate of appreciation be sent to Al VE7HD at a cost of $17.01, carried.
- Motion by VE7AQE that the radios be programmed up and cabled along with upgrades to the radio room at the EOC for the cost of $209.41, seconded by VE7KPB, carried.
- VE7CSH reported on the activities and events at the EOC this summer, and was appointed to represent the EKARC on the Emergency Operations committee to replace VE7JBE who has been transferred to Creston Ambulance Station.
- VE7MRP has volunteered to take over the position of Repeater Frequency coordination representative.
- A warning was noted that the Chinese manufactured radios currently becoming very popular have been declared illegal in the USA and that Canadians traveling to the US should leave their radio at home or it may be confiscated at the border.
- It appears that a Christmas get together is desired by all in attendance so plans will be made and time and date announced.
- November meeting date moved to November 17th.
- JOTA (Boy Scout Jamboree on the Air) will take place Oct 21st, 10 - 12 at the EOC Radio Room. VE7NEK to look into getting patches stitched up from our sticker design.
- Motion by VE7LOC, seconded by VE7MRP that Doug be authorized to spend up to $25 for snacks and pop.

**Motion:** Adjourn - VE7RWD
