East Kootenay Amateur Radio Club

**COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP**
- Doug N. VA7QZ - Repeater grant application & RDEK communications
- Randy M. VE7CRX - Technical work, advice & repeater installation
- Dan C. VE7MRP - volunteer helper
- Dave W. VE7DLS - volunteer helper
- Gavin J. VE7GSJ - volunteer helper
- Jeff X. VA7BAJ - volunteer helper
- Claude O. VE7NQ - volunteer helper

**COMMITTEE BACKGROUND TIMELINE**

| DATE | D/Mo/Yr |
|------|---------|
| Agreement to apply for a repeater upgrade through RDEK | 10/02/18 |
| VE7CRX & VA7QZ to take project responsibility | 14/04/18 |
| Volunteer Repeater Committee formed | 14/04/18 |
| Last formal EKARC meeting due to Covid restrictions | 08/02/20 |
| Repeater Equipment Purchase approved and ordered | 13/04/19 |
| Mt Baker repeater setup and operating off mountain top | 12/10/19 |
| Extension of project granted from RDEK | 05/08/20 |
| Mt Baker equipment installed on mountain top | 05/09/20 |

**FIRST REPEATER COMMITTEE BUSINESS MEETING**

**1. Meeting Called to Order** (Doug N.) organize, chair, & appoint minutes taker).

**2. Reports**:
- VE7CRX: Technical work accomplished in setting up repeater equipment.
- VE7CRX: Technical issues yet to be completed (Baker and Thompson)
- VA7QZ: Grant status and RDEK expectations of the EKARC.
- VE7GSJ & VE7NQ: Controller issues - software malfunction.
- VE7KPB: Invermere repeater status and future. Motion?

**3. Setup and "burn in" of the Thompson repeater at VE7KPB's Garage**

**Motion:** That VE7KPB's offer of his location be accepted and that a full functioning Thompson repeater be installed and successfully operated prior to the mountain top installation.

**4. Committee operation concerns:** VE7MRP

Committee volunteers are not being informed and utilized.

**Suggested Motion:** Whereas committee volunteers are both willing and eager to be involved with the setup, adjustment and installation of EKARC repeaters on Mt Baker and Mt Thompson, be it resolved that committee members be, as much as allowed within Covid19 restrictions, included in all future repeater activities.

**5. Volunteer member to be "Committee Communications Officer"**

**6. ADJOURN**
